Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
-You've been canceled.
-Back when I was playing.
we played through.
no matter what.
Whatever happened between us.
-it's all in the past.
-You ruined my life.
-What are you doing?
-I'm hiding.
I get that.
I... I needed a break too.
You're Dylan.
-I had a very big crush on you.
-Really?
-So he's your...
-Baby daddy. and it's complicated.
-So I found a lump.
-What?
We don't have a diagnosis yet.
So. what are your intentions
with my Hollis?
She broke up with me. remember?
Hollis. it's okay.
What about Gigi?
Matthew and I
weren't in a great place.
Can I buy you a free drink?
Sorry. I told you
my whole life story.
That's what strangers
in bars are for.
You've met this woman.
though. right?
-He must smell my fear.
-What are you scared of?
-Are you leaving?
-I feel a bit out of place.
Please stay.
What's mine is yours.
-Sorry.
-Almost. Ugh!
Ugh. sorry.
Okay...
-Sorry.
-Almost. almost. almost.
Almost. Okay.
-Done.
-Hi!
Okay. let's see.
You now have my full attention.
Tell me everything
that's happening in your life.
-I wanna know it all.
-Okay.
-My therapist died.
-Oh. no. How?
-Old age. Good run.
-Oh. okay.
-JB. riding my ass as usual...
-Of course.
Sign more clients
when I can barely
handle my workload as it is...
-I know.
-that Santorini guy?
Turns out he's
a little bit married.
-No.
-Yeah. that's over.
-Asshole.
-Yeah.
You know. and it's
the first thing that...
It felt real. you know? And I
hadn't felt that in a long time.
You know what?
You don't need a man.
That's what I love about you.
I mean. it's one thing
in a very long list.
but you've always been
so independent. I'm jealous.
-Right.
-Yeah.
Yeah. you go. Come on.
Your turn. Let me hear.
-Okay.
-Let me hear.
I'm trying something.
-Will you tell me if it's dumb?
-You know I will.
I started a little account
for my cooking...
-Yeah? Finally?
-Yeah. Ugh.
I've been telling you
to do this for years.
-I know.
-Come on. let me see. Come on.
-Come on. give me!
-Okay. here.
Oh. Holly. this is incredible.
-Are you sure it's not dumb?
-Why would it be dumb?
I don't know. I can tell
Matthew kind of thinks it is.
I'm sure I'm just projecting.
It's fine. We've gotta hydrate.
-We are in the desert. Please.
-You know what?
I think that we should
do this every year.
Yes! Please.
-A new tradition.
-Yeah.
-Until...
-Next year.
-Next year...
-And then forever until we die.
-and the year after that and the year after that...
-Toast.
-Cheers.
Oh. June fourth to sixth?
No. that's
the week of playoffs.
-Last week of June?
-I'm at a conference in Denver
for food influencers.
It's just so crazy
we can't work this out.
I know. next year
we will for sure.
If this is you saying you
can't do Palm Springs. great.
Because I was planning on
having a panic attack later
about how to squeeze it in.
This is better.
I am so sorry.
Baby. I am drowning.
I just had a huge client blow...
No. you're not drowning.
You can swim.
I've seen you do it. You've
got this. Okay. I gotta go.
No. yeah. yeah...
Next year. Palm Springs.
love you. mean it. Bye.
I love you.
My mom could've shot
better pictures on her iPhone 8.
That's why I sent the other ones.
Do you wanna just
use the red carpet photos?
I don't... I don't know.
You've reached
Dru-Ann. I am not...
-Look. I...
-Come on. Dru-Ann.
work with me here.
-I really don't... I don't know.
-Close the deal.
One hundred million dollars
for three years.
-Any way I can call you -right back?
-What else can I throw in?
Thank you.
Holly. I'm so sorry. I know I
owe you a call about this trip.
I've just been...
Oh. my God.
I'm getting on a plane
right now.
I'll be right there.
Hello!
Hey. JB. it's five
in the morning in L.A.
-What are you doing?
-Rise and grind. Dru.
I'm heading to New York
for the big Knicks game.
-Did you see my apology?
-Yeah. Yeah. very moving.
But I think you poked the bear
and you made it worse.
You see this new video
-that's been circulating?
-No. What?
Somebody edited together a bunch
of shitty stuff that you said.
Texting it to you now.
You know your digital footprint
is an absolute shit show.
Caitlin knows she played
a lazy game. Is she a star?
LeBron. Star.
Does he play lazy games? No.
Steph Curry. Star.
Lazy games? No.
Caitlin. lazy girl. lazy game.
She's "star-ish."
When I was playing.
listen. my coaches.
they basically waterboarded me.
But I thank them for it.
Players today.
uh-uh. they pussies.
-They pussies.
I've spoken.
Hey. look. I am not gonna
apologize for doing my job.
All right. look. Dru.
I adore you. You know that.
But. uh. I'm getting calls from
clients looking to drop you.
Well. they're virtue signaling.
Yes. because that's all people
see are the signals. Dru.
That's all... Oh. shit.
I gotta run.
No. no. no! You know what?
I gotta run out of this
ridiculous conversation.
Ugh! Fuck!
Hello?
Is anyone here?
It's yoga time.
Oh. my God.
it's a Hollis Shaw tart.
Mmm!
Shit!
Oh. no. No. no. no!
Don't go! No. don't go. No!
Wait. come back. We need yoga!
It's on the itinerary! Ugh.
Hm.
Okay.
Granola.
Why did you do this to yourself?
Ugh...
Okay.
Henry. I was supposed
to get up early
and get morning buns
for everyone.
It was a whole thing.
Next time...
can you please remind me
I can't drink like this anymore?
I can't drink like that anymore. buddy.
Good morning.
Did you work out?
-You're an animal.
-Oh. God.
I needed something stronger
than yoga.
-I slept right through yoga.
-Ah! Did you make this?
Homemade salted caramel granola.
Oh. you slacker.
-Do you want coffee?
-Yes.
Oh. my God. it just...
Wait. it won't stop.
You know. this Posey thing.
it's not going away.
Hm.
Maybe you should. uh...
Maybe you shouldn't post
any pics with me this weekend.
-I just... I think...
-No.
That's crazy. you're my friend.
I love you. I'm proud of you.
I'm gonna post this face
all I want.
-Yeah. well. JB could fire me.
-No.
-Yeah.
-No. he wouldn't do that.
Listen. you started
that company with him.
-That's not gonna happen.
-I need you to listen to me.
He's not gonna fire you.
Posey's not returning my calls.
-You can fix it.
-I don't know if I can...
-You can fix anything.
-If I can just...
Who do I have to thank
for not waking me up for yoga?
-Me. I overslept.
-Ha!
You are so mad at yourself.
aren't you?
-When did hangovers get so bad?
-I feel like hot garbage.
My mouth tastes
like scotch tape?
Hey. do you have a Jimmy Dean
microwavable breakfast sandwich
by any chance?
No. but I do have lazy day.
make-your-own overnight oats
buffet.
Okay. you're making it worse.
Hi. honey.
-Good morn...
-Mom. could we not. please?
Can I make you a plate?
We have lemon blueberry...
Is there coffee?
-Oh.
-Mm. You can take mine.
I'll get another one.
Can I get a thank you?
Thank you.
Hey. everyone is going shopping
this morning.
but I could hang back. and we
could have some time together?
I'm not like an official "star"
am I?
Okay.
I'm at a loss with her.
It's like having
a four year old again.
And a teenager.
And a mean. mean. mean old man.
She keeps giving
me these brutal one-word text replies.
They're killing me.
I say. "I love you.
I'm checking on you.
do you need anything?"
And two days later
she goes. "K".
-Then tell her to cut the shit.
-No. I'm not that kind of mom.
I'm not brave
and give no "F's" like you.
-I give "F's."
-Also. I'm sorry.
but remember when your mom died?
-You were kind of an asshole.
-Yeah. and I'm still an asshole.
-True.
-Look. I'm her fairy godmother.
-I will talk to her and see...
-No. no. no. She's my kid.
-I've got it.
-But do you?
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Okay. party people.
let's focus up.
We are going downtown
in T-minus 30 minutes.
and there is a dress code.
It is orange and pink.
Don't forget.
I'm gonna try and forget that
for the rest of my life.
Hey. I feel really
out of touch with your life.
You've been dealing
with a lot too.
Let's try to spend a little
time together in town. you know?
-Yes.
-Just you and me.
I also do wanna spend
some money.
Okay.
Honey you got
to get out of there.
Well. I tried to leave
last night
and she basically
begged me to stay.
Actually.
it's been kind of lovely.
You know. I moved around
so much as a kid.
I missed out on that whole
"close female friends" thing.
Oh. your "Sisterhood
of the Traveling Pants" era.
-I don't know. is that insane?
-Yes.
I mean. it's very sweet.
but it's also very delusional.
-Are you sure you're staying?
-I...
-I guess I am?
-Okay.
Watch your back.
And when in doubt.
just be charming.
How dare you.
I'm always charming.
There she is. Okay.
I gotta go. we're boarding.
Call me when you get murdered.
-No! Aah!
-Oh. sorry.
-Get out. Sorry. Sorry.
-Sorry.
Sorry.
Super charming.
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ I used to think maybe
you loved me ♪
♪ Now. baby. I'm sure ♪
♪ And I just can't wait
till the day ♪
♪ When you knock on my door ♪
Ooh!
Boy!
Are you sure that this
is a parking spot?
No. no. no. it's a secret spot
only locals know about.
Are we still calling you a local?
-Yo.
-Oh. hey. you.
-You took my spot. Shaw.
-Oh. hey. it's you.
We meet again. Ha-ha!
-Why are you talking like that?
-Like what?
She's just flustered because
she tried to kiss me last night.
-Hollis.
-Yes. yes. yes!
That's not true.
That's not what happened.
I'm sorry.
I guess I misread the situation.
-Thank you.
-I did not.
-You tried to kiss him?
-Ooh!
-Y'all have a nice day.
-Who tries and fails?
Ooh!
None of you
are worthy of my love.
Oh. no. no. no.
No. Hollis. come back here.
-Excuse me.
-Get back here.
♪ Got brass in pocket ♪
♪ Got bottle I'm gonna use it ♪
♪ Intention I feel inventive ♪
♪ Gonna make you. make you
make you notice... ♪
Really. Dru. those shoes?
-It's so charming.
-You mean white?
-Obviously.
-Mm-hm.
Okay. here we are. Main Street.
Holly. you remember that gallery
used to be a shoe repair shop
with the best candy room
in the back?
We'd go every day
after practice.
I'd get Mars Bars.
you'd get Twizzlers?
Kind of? Um... Okay.
so free time until lunch.
There's shopping.
there's a downtown walking tour.
-there's a whaling museum.
-Oh. I thought
we were all doing
the walking tour.
-I bought us tickets.
-I am not doing that.
especially in
these matching outfits.
Oh. God. my God. me neither.
I am going rage shopping for
the foreseeable future.
so bye. bitches.
Okay. no. that's fine.
I'll go by myself. That's fine.
I'll come with you.
Huh.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Great.
I'm gonna go get a bite
at Jodie's.
Your squirrel breakfast
didn't really do it for me.
-You wanna come?
-Heh. Well. I thought I'd
try to grab a moment with Dru.
Sure. okay.
Well. take it easy.
Okay?
Jesus.
I shouldn't have told you.
Is Tatum mad
that you're hanging with me?
Well. she's not 12. She's...
-Yes. she is a little bit mad.
-Yeah.
She's dealing with a lot
this weekend.
-Yeah? Like what?
-Life stuff.
Yeah. well. I just hate how bad
she makes you feel
about yourself.
No. she doesn't. She's just a...
A hard person to stay close to.
She has very high
friendship standards.
Hm.
I mean.
it's easier with you and me.
Yeah.
That sweater.
do I like that sweater?
-This? Oh. okay.
-It's mohair.
Ooh.
-What is mohair?
-I think it's a goat.
Like a mountain goat?
-Really?
-Mm-hm.
Is it ethical?
Fuck it. You know what?
-I'm already canceled.
-There you go.
So this here is really typical
of the 18th-century
colonial-style farmhouses.
This house
in particular belonged
to the Starbucks whaling family.
-Wait. there's a Starbucks here?
-No.
Mr. Starbuck inspired
the character in Moby Dick.
Unfortunately for him.
he didn't have any stock
in the company.
Of course. if he had.
he would...
I'm working on this one.
he would have "a latte money."
She's like a stand-up comedian.
I mean...
Okay. let's keep it moving.
She is so funny. I love it.
I love it. I love it.
This is so fun.
-I'm so glad we're doing this.
-Yeah.
So I wanted to talk to you
about something.
Earlier today.
when I accidentally...
-Flashed your bits?
-Yeah. That.
Sorry that I yelled at you.
I didn't grow up
in a naked house.
More of a shame house?
One time. I accidentally
saw my dad's butt
and he didn't talk to me
for a week.
Well. I hardly saw
my parents at all.
Mm. Really?
My dad was a diplomat.
mom was a lawyer.
They worked a lot.
This is nice.
Getting to know each other
a little bit?
Built these houses...
I don't think Tatum and Dru-Ann
like me very much.
What are you talking about?
You're adorable.
Ugh! Sorry. Sorry.
I hate that word.
It's so dismissive. I'm in
my 40's. I'm not adorable.
Fair enough.
Okay. you're sexy as fuck.
Do not clap for that. okay?
But I'm not. though. And
I don't even know why I care.
God. I thought once
I had kids I wouldn't care
so much about what I look like
or what other people
thought of me.
I thought it would be so
liberating. but I do still care.
I do.
It's exhausting
spending this much time
wishing I wasn't myself.
You're right. Brooke.
You're not adorable.
You're disgusting and you
make me want to throw up.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
There's a dog
there in the window.
Oh. my God. Electra.
We have to get out of here.
-Are you fast? You look fast.
-What? Why?
-Run.
-Okay.
Thank you so much for the tour.
-Thank you. thank you.
-Just make sure
to leave a good Yelp review.
Down here.
Hey. we were waiting.
Sorry. OG local.
-Hello. fruit of my womb.
-Hello.
-You look tired.
-Thanks. Mom. So sweet.
-Can I have a menu?
-Really?
You're gonna pretend like you're
gonna get something different?
You're gonna get
the same thing you have
since the beginning of time.
Give me a menu. come on.
Did Dylan make it home
last night?
Yeah. why?
Just wondering.
I'll take a breakfast sandwich
with hot sauce.
Way to switch it up.
Is this weirdly
small stool taken?
You're just using me
to skip the line.
Uh. yeah.
Engage your core.
Okay.
-Are you okay?
-Sorry. Yeah. sorry.
That was an old friend of Hollis
and mine. from Wellesley.
Electra Undergrove.
She's actually kind of
an ex-friend. to be honest.
She has this. like.
power over people.
She's the self-appointed
head of Wellmog.
-Mm.
-"Wellesley Moms Group."
And she and I had this little
falling out last year. over RRF.
Which is?
Rock and Roll Football.
-Mm.
-It's such a huge deal.
Okay. every Sunday Funday.
she'd invite us
over to her house
to watch the game.
and she'd make
all these main dishes
and we would bring
the side dishes.
I would bring the nachos.
Ooh. cute.
Then there'd be this big.
fun dance party.
but like a really fun
dance party.
Not like an awkward. forced one.
And then one week
she just uninvited me
and Charlie out of nowhere.
And I'm the one
who made the nachos.
Yes. I got that.
And then I found out
that she was telling people
that Charlie and I
were hosting these.
like. secret group sex parties.
I mean. I barely like to have
sex with Charlie by myself.
That's awful.
She never explained why she just
completely shut me out.
I don't know
if this even makes sense.
it was just sort of the worst
time in my entire life.
And then Hollis stopped hanging
out with her in solidarity.
which meant
absolutely everything to me.
I don't know what it is.
She's just terrifying to me.
-I'm so pathetic.
-No. you're not.
You're not.
You're just an extremely
trusting person.
And there's nothing wrong
with that.
In fact. I envy you.
I barely trust anyone.
You can trust me.
-Okay. well. Do you trust me?
-Yeah.
Try this on.
-Really?
-Mm-hm.
-And give me those.
-Okay.
Yeah.
It's indisputably not adorable.
-Oh. I'll just take those...
-No. not these.
-Nothing from here.
-Okay.
Oh. yeah.
I'm telling you.
after we finished
that whole bottle of tequila.
she stayed up until the crack
making these cute little jars
of overnight oats.
What are overnight oats?
I don't know.
and I never wanna know.
So how's she doing?
Um... I don't know.
We're not close like we were.
before she left.
Are you still mad about that?
That was like 30 years ago.
Yeah. we were like family.
You're supposed to hold grudges
against family.
that's how you know
you're related.
I mean. don't you miss it?
The four of us?
At that four-top over there?
Smoking weed. splitting fries.
and all laughing about
I don't even remember what?
I miss being young and stupid. yeah.
You could've left too. you know.
How could I?
Who was gonna keep
the cleaners open?
My mom worked 17 years
to pay off that loan
she took to open it.
I had to keep it going.
Kyle said you turned down
two offers to sell it.
I wanna keep it in the family.
You know. it's accumulating
value. So is the house.
It's all I have
to leave Aubrey and Otis.
Listen. a brush with cancer.
it's like a rite of passage
at this point.
-Wait. you?
-Few years ago.
Why didn't you say anything?
Because I don't go around
talking about my balls
like that.
So Kyle told you?
He's scared.
I don't need him to be scared.
That doesn't help.
And don't say anything
to Aubrey. she doesn't know.
I'm just saying.
you should think about
the offers on the cleaners.
-That place is your albatross.
-Holly is yours.
-No. she is not.
-Just be honest.
You were just a little bit happy
when you heard
that Matthew died.
Fuck off.
You've fantasized about it.
You got a boner thinking
about his body underground.
There is something
so wrong with you.
-You still love her.
-Yeah. well.
So do you.
She needs you. Tate.
She always did.
You know her
better than anybody.
-I don't think I do anymore.
-You do.
-Brooke?
-Yeah?
-Can I see?
-Yeah. Come in.
I never would've picked this out
for myself. but...
-You look incredible.
-Really? You like it?
-You look happy.
-Yeah. I feel happy.
I feel comfortable.
I actually feel like myself.
-Mind if I "zhuzh"?
-Please.
-Zhuzh away!
-Okay.
-Let's roll these up.
This woman is chic as fuck.
She has nothing
to be ashamed of.
I'm sorry. I...
-don't know what that was.
-It's okay.
I just... I think I have
a lot going on
in my life and in my marriage.
-and you're so calming. I...
-Brooke. it's really okay.
Doesn't have to mean anything.
That's not the first time
that's happened.
Really?
I'm gonna go and find you
something in green.
It'll bring out your eyes.
Caroline.
What's good?
Hi. Um...
Wow. is this your boat?
No. No. no.
I wish. it's my homie's.
Helping him clean his deck.
-Nice camera.
-Thanks.
Um... There's something
that I should probably tell you.
-Okay.
-Uh...
My dad actually passed away.
Wait. what? Last night?
No. no. No. in December.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't mention it
last night.
-No. no. no. no.
-It was really nice.
just to pretend
like he was still here.
We don't have to talk about it.
Okay. Um...
What do you wanna talk about?
Um... We could talk
about Nantucket stuff.
Lobster permits.
Ghosts.
Shit.
I'm sorry. I...
-I shouldn't've said that.
-Said what?
You said you didn't wanna
talk about your dad.
and he's a ghost now.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
Ghosts are real.
Especially on Nantucket.
That?
That Great Point lighthouse?
That is filled
with some pissed off ghosts.
I don't think my dad is a ghost.
Okay. well. maybe he's a bird.
Maybe.
Hey. take a deck pic.
-A what?
-Deck pic.
Of course.
Why didn't I think of that?
-Now. let's see.
-How's this?
Classic deck pic.
Let me see.
Oh. it's loading.
-Oh. my God.
-Holy shit.
Your dad just shit on you.
-That is so heartwarming.
-Thanks. Dad.
-Thank you so much.
-Hold on. Fuck.
Here. This is yours.
-Oh. no!
-Ooh! Yikes. here.
Yeah. Yeah.
Put that here.
Thank you.
-Oh.
-Um...
-That's a good hairstyle.
-Thanks.
Okay. Um...
-All set.
-All. yep.
-There. I'm all set.
-There you go.
I'm gonna go. I'm gonna. Okay.
Thank you. Okay.
Your camera.
I'll see you around.
Thank you. bye. Have a good day.
Ooh!
I don't need a shirt.
-Hey. do I like these?
-It's totally her.
Don't you already have them?
Oh. my God. I do. How did
I forget that completely?
It's the micro plastics
in our brain.
It makes us forget
what shoes we have.
Shit.
-I'm going over there.
-What?
Entitled young women
with phones.
Um... Hey. we know who you are.
Okay. look. I'm with my friend
right now. if we could just...
Yeah. you disrespected
Posey Woodford.
and you disrespected
mental health.
-No. she apologized.
-Yeah. and it was weak.
And fake. And you're dead to us.
Posey doesn't have
mental health issues.
Posey's never had
The Internet put those words
in her mouth.
-Are you filming me?
-No.
You know what?
You are the problem.
-Okay.
-You.
All you want is something
to post about.
-Something to be angry about.
-For sure.
You have no interest
in the truth.
-The truth is subjective.
-No. it literally is not.
-Okay.
-That's what you don't...
-Goodbye. We're leaving.
-I used to look up to you.
You made me feel
like it was possible to...
-Okay. let's go.
-be a hot. successful woman
and not lose your. like.
softness and integrity.
But you're just as bad
as the men.
Let's go. We're going.
-Nice Manolo's.
-They're not Manolo's.
They're Vito Rossi's.
Learn your brands.
-That didn't just happen.
-She was so rude.
But she's also so pretty.
Honestly. can we just skip over
this entire generation
of humans?
I mean. they have...
They take no responsibility.
-I know.
-They have...
Fuck. and they're
so self-righteous.
And whatever happened to apathy?
There's just... It's like.
apathy used to be cool.
It's a beautiful weekend.
They don't define you.
-Let's just forget it and get some ice cream.
-No. no. No.
Could you please
just not do that? Not now.
What am I doing?
You are literally ignoring
what I am feeling
to make yourself
more comfortable.
-I'm not doing that.
-Yes. you are. Yes. you are.
-You do it all the time.
-I'm not.
You do it to me
and you do it to Caroline.
I am trying
to give Caroline space.
She needs you. She is in pain.
And you keep giving her muffins.
I love you. Hollis.
but that is what you do.
You make everything
sunny and happy
so that you don't actually have
to deal with anything.
I'm sorry.
my entire world just imploded.
so excuse me
if I'm not my very best self.
-I...
-You don't deal with anything either.
You just dump it
on everyone else.
-No. I do not.
-Whenever you have drama.
which is always. it's like
you have a feelings umbrella.
Everyone around you gets wet.
but you're just dry.
Just venting on anyone
who will listen.
No. I just...
I naturally have a loud voice.
Dru. I just...
I need your love and support
this weekend.
I know. I didn't want this
to be a State of the Union
about our friendship.
We don't need one.
-We're fine. We're good.
-See?
You did it again.
-Dru. wait. Dru...
-Stop.
Dru-Ann.
Oh. God. Is it your knee?
Yeah.
I'm okay. I'm fine.
Thank you.
How's the pain?
It's not that bad.
I don't trust you
to be the judge of that.
-I do not need to go to urgent care.
-You need to go to urgent care.
You're so annoying.
You are so annoying.
You kept playing on it
when you first got hurt.
-you made it worse.
-Yeah. I know. I was there.
So was I.
You really think
I don't deal with things?
Your husband just died and you
made us all gift baskets.
This is how I deal.
You said our friendship is easy.
And you're right. it is easy.
But sometimes
I need you in the shit with me.
And you're not always
that person.
Hm.
Makes me sad.
I'm gonna get the car.
I'll be right back.
Just stay put.
Hey! Teddy!
What was that?
What did you do? Teddy.
Oh. Teddy.
This is a legitimate spot.
It's not a spot. Locals only.
This feels personal.
Have a good day.
Teddy Cooper. Uncool!
I let you stay up
and watch Love Boat!
Hey. Caroline!
Oh. hell no.
Hey.
Cobblestones. Damn it.
Caroline!
-What. Mom?
-Hang on.
I wanna talk to you.
Let me just...
I know you're hurting.
I am hurting too.
I'm sorry if I don't talk to you
enough about that.
-You seem fine.
-Well. I'm not fine.
I am barely keeping it together.
Well. you look great.
Cute outfit.
Yes. I'm wearing clothes.
Caroline.
He's only been gone
for six months
and you're having
a slumber party?
Grow up.
No. you grow the fuck up!
Just because I don't grieve
the way you do.
doesn't mean I'm not in pain.
Just because it's not visible
doesn't mean it's not there.
It's there!
Every second of every day.
It is my job to not fall apart
in front of you.
but I lost him too. Caroline.
So please stop treating me
like this.
You have to stop
treating me like this.
What happened?
Oh. she fell
and tweaked her knee.
I call shotgun. Sorry.
You can have it.
I have the pleasure of being
right about those shoes.
So we're even.
I'm sorry about ditching you
earlier.
I'm a real piece of work today.
I'm all over the place.
Close your eyes.
put out your hands.
Oh. no.
-Just do it!
-Why?
What?
Twizzlers.
Thank you.
Hey. how was the tour?
-Informative.
-Good.
-Oh. good.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Great guide. So funny.
-Oh. good.
-Mm-hm.
Sandwiches at Stubbys
and then it's spa time.
Yum. Yum.
The ocean's that way?
I thought it was
on the other side of us.
We're on an island.
-It's all around.
-It's all around us.
Oh. up ahead.
Oh. look.
there's the lighthouse.
Oh. wow.
Oh. wait.
-Wait. is that the one...?
-That's my favorite.
Is that the one on the postcard?
-Mm-hm.
-How old is it?
Since the whaling vessels.
Since the whaling ships.
Is it still functional?
How many are there?
Lighthouses here?
-Uh. four.
-Four.
-You dropped this.
-Thanks.
It looks old.
That's my favorite.
-It's Tatum's favorite too.
-There's four...